Code for reproduce the figures in the paper:

Active Thermal Cloaking and Mimicking 

by

Maxence Cassier, Trent DeGiovanni, Sébastien Guenneau and 
Fernando Guevara Vasquez

---
November 2020: initial revision
February 2021: added code for figure 1, 1D and non-zero initial conditions
---

All scripts take over an hour to run on the machine we used. The exception
being those marked with (*) which take significantly longer (>2-3 hours). To
decrease run time use a coarser grid in space by decreasing N1, N2, or
config.N1, config.N2, depending on the script.  The scripts were tested with
Matlab R2018b (on Mac OS X and Linux).

For comparison the Matlab benchmark readouts on the machine we used are:

LU: 0.1018, FFT: 0.1058, ODE 0.0147, Sparse: 0.0823, 2-D: 0.3297, 3-D: 0.5385

The scripts to reproduce the figures are named with the number of the figure
they reproduce. Some scripts may generate other plots that we did not include
in the paper. Some figures need two scripts to be generated (i.e. fig9int.m and
fig9ext.m for Figure 9). We do not include a detailed description of all the
other files but the code is commented to explain what is going on.

fig1.m

  illustrates a possible configuration of Peltier elements

fig3.m

  Interior reproduction of a field generated by a source exterior to
  the region of reproduction. Outputs are the field at time 0.2, the reproduced
  field at time 0.2, the log error at time 0.2, the supremum of the log error
  over [0.2,0.3] and the difference between the log error at time 0.2 and the
  supremum of the log error over [0.2,0.3]. 

fig5.m

  Exterior reproduction of a field generated by a source interior to the region
  of reproduction. Outputs are the field at time 0.2 the reproduced field at
  time 0.2, the log error at time 0.2, the supremum of the log error over
  [0.2,0.3] and the difference between the log error at time 0.2 and the
  supremum of the log error over [0.2,0.3].

fig7ext.m (*)

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the exterior reproduction
  problem on the interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute exterior
  error over the time interval and the relative interior error over the time
  interval using different different numbers of points to discretize the
  boundary of the reproduction region. 

fig7int.m (*)

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the interior reproduction
  problem on the interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute interior
  error over the time interval and the relative exterior error over the time
  interval using different different numbers of points to discretize the
  boundary of the reproduction region. 

fig8ext.m (*)

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the exterior reproduction
  problem on the interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute exterior
  error over the time interval and the relative interior error over the time
  interval using different different numbers of points to discretize the time
  interval. 

fig8int.m (*) 

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the interior reproduction
  problem on the interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute interior
  error over the time interval and the relative exterior error over the time
  interval using different different numbers of points to discretize the time
  interval. 

fig9ext.m (*) 

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the exterior reproduction
  problem on time interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute exterior
  error over the time interval and relative interior error over the time
  interval using data with errors in the density data and data without errors. 

fig9int.m (*) 

  Approximate L2 norm (in space) of the error in the interior reproduction
  problem on time interval [.1,1]. Generates graphs of the absolute interior
  error over the time interval and relative exterior error over the time
  interval using data with errors in the density data and data without errors. 

fig10.m (*) 

  Cloaking of a kite object from an incident field generated by a point source
  at (0,0). Generates contour plots of the cloaked object, the uncloaked
  object, and the log error at times 0.5, 0.25, 0.05. 

fig11.m 

   Makes a point source at (0.6, 0.4) appear as a point source at (0.39,0.6)
   from the perspective outside of the cloak. Generates contour plots of the
   original source, the source to mimic, the mimicked source, and the log plot
   of errors in the exterior. 

fig12.m (*) 

   Makes a kite object with Dirichlet boundary conditions appear as a flower
   object with Dirichlet boundary conditions from the perspective outside of
   the cloak. Generates contour plots of the scattered field from the kite, the
   scattered field from the flower, and the mimicked scattered field. 

figure_a1.m

   Appendix - Figure 1: demonstrates interior reproduction problem in 1D

figure_a2.m

   Appendix -  Figure 2: demonstrates exterior reproduction problem in 1D

figure_a3_ab.m
   Appendix - Figure 3, first row: interior reproduction error vs time

figure_a3_cd.m
   Appendix - Figure 3, second row: exterior reproduction error vs time

figure_a4.m
   Appendix - Figure 4, demo of non-zero initial condition
